# Ideas

## Involve aesthetics into game play
There are games, that make creating "art" the goal, for example through
dynamically generated music, but the battle dance from games like Bayonetta
might count as well.

### Draw a Route
In jump and runs, you normally get to controll the little guy that jumps and
runs. In this game however, you get to build a level by painting platforms. I
imagine the game to be somewhat similar to Little Wings, except that you have a
lot more actions.

## Boids!
Everything's better with boids.

## Player can program helpers
The helpers are as useful as the player manages them to make. Maybe you can earn
new snipplets to use in regular play.

## Gestures
In order to activate skills, the player needs to draw stuff. Instead of the
difficult problem of pattern recognition, there are symbols (left, right, up,
down, ...) that can be combined. The precision affects the efficiency of the
skill.

***### Accuracy
Gestures will be activated even if drawn really badly. However they will be more powerfull if drawn precise.***

## Social
The simulated conflict is not physical in nature, but rather social. This might
be similar to Sims or less emergent and more scripted.

### Contracts
Contracts are interesting in that they can fuck any of the parties over, due to
the incomplete information. The best implementation I've seen is Civilization.

## Collaborative
There are AI and/or human actors, who need to cooperate in order to succeed.

### Teams
Three teams compete. This combines teamwork and competition and even politics in
that it allows two parties to form alliances.

## Abstract
The game runs on a abstract level which has only few or no connections to the real world.
Theme of the game may be open to interpretation. The experience is mostly emotional.
Example: Colored thingies fight against black thingies.

## One level
There is only one big level. The player can explore the realm freely.  

## Acts
The gameflow is devided into at least 3 but no more than 5 acts or chapters.
Each Act can provide additonal rules, new enemies and of course a carload of DRAMA!

## 2.5 Dimensions
The levels consist of different layers (geographic or not). The player can switch layer in designated areas.

## Obscure Story
The Storyline gives very few informations in the beginning. As the player learns what is going one as he advances in the game.
At the hole story may or may not be revealed at the end of the game.

