# Group: Dark Ducks

# Theme: The Price of Freedom

# Story
## 1: The Great Magitech War
it destroyed most of the civilization as we knew it and rendered the surface of
our planet uninhabitable. We now live under the ocean in confined space.

## 2: Putting back the "punk" in "steampunk"
We live in the lower levels of the city, largely ignored or forgotten by the
upper society. Our life is one of continual fear and danger of violent death,
solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. I might escape that life, because I
was born with the anima magica, something very rare, because it is usually
inherited. Will I leave my family to help them from afar? Will I get rid of my
past and indulge in the intrigues of the upper society? My best friend
"upstairs" wants to overthrow the Zar, will I help?

## 3: Retrospective Storytelling
As to allow in media res, questions about the past are determined by the
reaction in the present (Bioware titles like KotOR2 use that).

# Aesthetic
## 4: Steampunk Magitech
Leaky steam pipes, floating crystal platforms, gas lights. There will probably
be underwater zepelins somewhere.

## 5: &lt;3D
3D is much easier to get wrong than 2D graphics. Neither of us can 3D model or
do textures. Either we do a 2D graphic in the style of isometric games, in Final
Fantasy &le;6 style or we add a 0.5D level switching (like A Link to the Past).

## 6: Minimalism
Experiment with 16bit or simplistic vector graphic style. Since we're not
artists, we need something simple, that still brings the atmosphere across.

# Mechanic
## 7: Gestures
Actions and spells are controlled by gesture symbols - a sequence of 
`right-click` =&gt; `drag` =&gt; `release` that is simplified to `left`,
`right`, `up`, and `down` movement. For example, a simple attack spell might be
`up-up`, which shoots in the direction we're looking.

## 8: Real time fights
The idea of freedom is much better conveyed by this smooth transition between
fight, exploration and interaction.

## 9: WASD + mouse
We can't do both movement and gestures with the mouse. Shooters prove that
people can adapt to such controls, but we might need to experiment with it.

## 10: Fights on a distance
Since the spells would be hard to aim, we should allow a certain area to be
affected.

# Technology
## 11: Game engine for a scripting language

* Allegro? 
* Pygame?
* Actionscript?
* Javascript?
