# Enemies
## Types
This section analyses what kind of enemies our hero could face and how they
balance against each other and the player.

### Tower
Advantages:

* Resilient
* Ranged weapons
* Decent damage

Disadvantages:

* Easy target
* Immobile
* Slow projectiles

### Swarmer
Advantages:

* They attack in groups
* Hard to hit
* Fast

Disadvantages:

* Limited Damage
* Near to no HP
* Melee

### Soldier

Advantages:

* Ranged or melee attacks
* Quick projectiles

Disadvantages:

* Limited damage
* Slower than player

### Sniper

Advantages:

* Big damage
* Ranged attack with quick projectile

Disadvantages:

* Panic in melee
* Firing rate is low

## Concrete Enemies

### Level 2

#### Bat
The bats in the cave under the prison are aggressive and attack anyone that
enters their territory. 

* **Type**: *Swarmer*

#### Guards
After they notice that the player is gone, they begin to search the cave, but
are afraid of the spider. There is a short sequence describing that.

* **Type**: *Soldier*
* **Type**: *Sniper*

#### Lair Defense Systems
The mechanical spider ensured its safety by putting up some defense towers.

* **Type**: *Tower*, lower damage output, but immobilizes target for short time
* **Type**: *Swarmer*

## Bosses
The magitech spider lives under the prison and steals items for repair from the
clockwork soldiers that occationally come here. It was discarded here, after
its state grew too unstable to be useful to the military.

## Phases
Playing with hero ==massive damage=> Retreat ==time=> Playing with hero
==massive damage=> Retreat ==time=> All out
### Playing with hero

* The spider makes attacks with its arms, that take a long time to prepare (easy
  to evade).
* Occationally, it spits sticky webs.

### Retreat

* The spider only throws sticky balls.
* There are lots of *Swarmers*, that are summoned.

### All out

* The spider attacks fast, but not with as much damage
  - bites
  - slashes
  - stomps
